How many presidents did the United States have between 1850-1950

22

How early in the year should you start planting garden tomatoes

4-6 weeks from the last frost date

How many hours of training do I need to legally fly an airplane

The FAA has established the minimum number of flight hours needed to obtain a certificate. Under Part 61 of the federal aviation regulations, the minimums are 20 hours for a sport pilot certificate, 30 hours for a recreational certificate, and 40 hours for a private pilot certificate. 

How many calories are in a Big Mac?

Calories 563

Does a big mac contain gluten

yes

What is the average weight of an Australian Labordoodle?

Standard: Weight Females 45 - 60 pounds (20 - 27 kg)  Males 55 - 77 pounds (25 - 35 kg)


Which has more calories: a Big Mac or a Whopper?

Whopper

How much does it cost to send a 5 pound package from Milwaukee to HongKong?

$112

Where can I go to improve my googling skills?

http://www.howtogeek.com/98698/improve-your-google-search-skills-infographic/


When flying from Milwaukee to India, over which oceans do you fly?

Artic and atlantic



How much water can you drink in one sitting before you die

It takes about 6 liters of water to kill a 165-pound person


Which chromosome plays a large role in eye color? (edited)

. A particular region on chromosome 15 plays a major role in eye color. 

What was the first commercial CD released in the US?

 the first CD made in the United States for commercial release was Bruce Springsteen's 1984 album, "Born in the U.S.A."

Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon - find an actor with a Bacon number of 3 

Steve Nash

Who was the first professional American football player? How much was he paid?

William Heffelfinger $500

How many time zones are there in the world? What is the degrees of longitude in width of each? Explain how this number came to be.

40, but 24 standard.  Fleming proposed that the globe be divided into 24 time zones, each 15 degrees of longitude in width. Since the world rotates once every 24 hours on its axis and there are 360 degrees of longitude, each hour of Earth rotation represents 15 degrees of longitude.

What are the steps to make a soufflé?

HEAT oven to 350°F. MIX 1/4 cup sugar, the cocoa powder, flour and salt in medium saucepan; gradually whisk in milk until smooth. COOK over medium heat, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens and boils. STIR IN vanilla. Remove from heat.

BEAT egg whites and cream of tartar in mixer bowl with whisk attachment on high speed until foamy. Beating constantly, ADD remaining 1/4 cup sugar, 2 Tbsp. at a time, beating after each addition until sugar is dissolved. (Rub a bit of mixture between thumb and forefinger; it should feel completely smooth.) Continue beating until whites are glossy and stand in soft peaks.

STIR egg yolks into reserved sauce until blended. Gently but thoroughly FOLD yolk mixture into whites until no streaks of white remain. Carefully POUR into ungreased 1-1/2 to 2-quart soufflé dish. For a “top hat”, hold metal spatula upright and make a ring in top of the soufflé mixture, 1 inch from side of dish and 1 inch deep, if desired.

BAKE in 350°F oven until soufflé is puffy, delicately browned and shakes slightly when oven rack is moved gently back and forth, 30 to 40 minutes. SERVE IMMEDIATELY.

What is the fifth best-selling album of all time? How many albums were sold?

Bat out of Hell--20.6 million


[3:10] 
More questions to Google for after the test^^